Dogs have been domesticated by humans for centuries
This influence has given them the title of "man's best friend".
You're such a little asshole sometimes, Max, can you just stop?
An adult female is usually reffered to as a bitch
An adult male capable of reproduction is called a stud
An adult female capable of reproduction is a brood bitch
Immature male and female dogs are called pups or puppies
A group of pups born together is reffered to as a litter of pups.
If you look at the statistics, I think that you'll see that you are wrong
 It is possible for one single litter to have more than just one sire
The mother of a litter is a dam and the father of a litter is a sire.
Any group of three or more adult canines is known as a pack
Where the domestic dog originate from, is not very clear
 It is known that the dog was the first domesticated species
For how much can I buy that green coat and some blueberry pie? 
Some of these lines are too long, and others are just too short
Dog breeds show more variation than other domestic animals.
Domestic dogs often display the remnants of countershading
I've had to re-write this line around ten times, I hate it
Many breeds will have a pattern on their chest or underside.
It’s a social hierarchy that arises in all types of cannine packs
Compared with equally sized wolves, dogs tend to have a smaller skull
The teeth of wolves are also larger than those of dogs.
Dogs have a distinctive "stop" between its forehead and nose.
The muscle that closes the jaw is more robust in wolves.
Wolves are cute too, but you cannot keep them as pets
When petting a dog, you feel its fur on your hand, which is nice
A social predator is an animal which hunts its prey in groups
Dogs generally have brown eyes while wolves  usually have lighter eyes.
The paw of thedog is around half the size of a wolfs paw
Can I buy your computer for a hundred and twelve quid and a sloppy blowjob?
It's common for most breeds to shed their coat when winter ends
From the beginning we built Apex Legends to be fun with friends
we want it to be easy to know when your friends are online so that you can stalk them
In Apex, you can link up your accounts by clicking the button above
We wanted to make the piecekeeper an overpowered piece of shit
I like to drink a lot of beer and have a good time with strippers
Nine MPs from that wing left the Labour party last week
Mr Watson was very pleased with this new arrangement
For those whose views were not currently represented in Jeremy's rule
This was finally a chance for them to discuss and shape policy.
A source close to John said more discussion is good
This had been a hallmark of his excellent leadership skills
Signalled there would be no major shift away from current policies
Nine Labour MPs quit the party last week
Googling askew made me bent, do you think I can sue?
The missile knows where it is because it knows where it isn't
There are many men manicing enough to bring mallice to Malaysia
Mr Watson insisted that he was not stalking John
He had always been standing up for pluralism within the party.
There will likely be a meeting of the new group in the next fourty eight hours
The Labour parties deputy leader say "this is urgent"
And I'm told the group could attract a substantial number of MPs
It'll be a sort of support group for those who feel disillusioned
The intention is to give these MPs more influence before election day
But could there be an iron fist in his velvet glove, or was it all an empty threat?
We are seeing a steady trickle of Labour MPs leaving. 
A large group feel that their ideas are being ignored
as one source put it - there is "strength in numbers".
And so Jeremy could be told that he needs to step down
The Labour leader, will be addressing his MPs in Parliament tonight. 
And how he handles the defections within the new grouping
could determine if anyone else walks out of the party soon.
Three men are too many men to make a macaron, they should invest in a woman
Traveling abroad is bad for your teeth and can cause major tooth ache
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood
E.T phoned home, but nobody answered him, he had the wrong number
Can you hand me a half dozen antidepressants and that bottle of vodka?
My finger smells like doo doo, I should probably wash that thing
an "am i pregnant and depressed" quiz solves world hunger
Could I borrow some cash for petrol, if not I wont make it home!
What do you mean you don’t want to buy this ultra wide three meter long screen
The bone marrow is succulent, tasty and great for making broths
I love you, you babbling baboon, come here so I can hug you!
How come my hair is blue now, that's not what I asked you to do
Red Alert Two is a fun and challenging real time strategy game
What is the best way to hide a body in snowy terrain?
Why did you have to kill her? She was only fifteen, you're a monster
My wallet is running dry, but my glass of beer is full!
I should have been wearing my glasses for this, I can hardly read it all!
I think I'm going to bed now, just have to make a few adjustments 
I could have guided you on this route as well as the youngest of my sons
an event such as never had happened before to mortal man 
or at least such as no man ever survived to tell the tale
Its mostly for the very dark and imposing color of his beard
You suppose me a very old man --but I am still rather young. 
It took less than a single day to change these hairs from black to white
You have weakend my feable limbs, and to unstringed my nerves
Do you know I can scarcely look over this little cliff without getting giddy
The "little cliff," upon whose edge he had so carelessly thrown himself 
down to rest that the weightier portion of his body hung over it
while he was only kept from falling by the tenure of his elbow 
a sheer and unobstructed precipice of black shining rock
some sixteen hundred feet from the world of crags beneath us
In truth, so deeply was I excited by my perilous position 
Nothing would have tempted me to within half a dozen yards of its brink. 
that I fell at full length upon the ground, clung to the shrubs around me
While I struggled in vain to distract myself from that terrifying idea
It was long before I could reason myself to stop, rewind and press play
Look up and look out into the distance, there is an old and wicked man there 